Concubine, you don't need to wash your face in tears
Did I bully you?
Haunjun, even if you get an old body
Can't get my heart
I never wanted your pride
I'm just greedy for your body
You rascal
Hahaha, it's okay, it's okay.
So now we're even?
I have been chosen a day to tell the world
It is said that the concubine misses the previous emperor and becomes a disease offensive
Are you serious?
Do I need to lie to you?
The prince's concubines are now free
You can stand with the prince
Humph
That stupid king will be so kind to let you out of the palace
Is he tired of playing with you?
prince
How can you say that?
Isn't it?
Your Highness, I did all this for you
You still have the face to say it's for this king
What is this king talking about?
Where are you?
Why didn't you persuade him when he wanted to copy my house?
Now that fool doesn't want you anymore
You are your king
Didn't the prince say
No matter what the concubine becomes
The prince never despised his concubines
Hey, do you think this king wants to hide flowers?
I see.
I'm useless
So the prince entered
Stop
Did the king let you go?